hey how's it going everyone
Josh Thomas from the bit blah calm here
and in this video I just wanted to
really really casually sit back and have
a little bit of a chat with you guys
about the amiibo figures that Nintendo
announced at this year's e3 I think as a
big Nintendo fan most of us are probably
pretty excited about this for the mere
fact that we get to collect these cool
little Nintendo figures and then again
some of you might not like this and you
might think it's dim icky and and not
worth your money but you know you have
the option to not buy them so anyways
very quickly my top five figurines would
be villager because oh my god why not
fox mccloud because when do we ever get
to own any merchandise related to
starfox Wii Fit trainer because again
when would we ever own a piece of
merchandise with Wii Fit something in
mind and then Yoshi because he looks so
cute and Donkey Kong because they have
got a lot of detail on his fur in that
figure that's like really well sculpted
so yeah those are my top five figures
and they're all really very high quality
like these look better than the Disney
infinity figurines I really like the
poses and I even like how some of them
have like a crystal stand to hold them
up so I'm really hoping that these
figures are exactly what they have in
mind to release to the public because
they look very very nice so yeah having
said that I do have to be honest I am
sort of excitedly confused by that I
mean I'm not totally sure where they're
going with amiibo just yet I've heard
all the explanation I've watched all the
videos explaining amiibo but I'm still
left wondering if it's enough like I I
feel as though these figures really
aren't doing enough to justify their
existence with Skylanders and Disney
infinity when you go out and you pick up
a figure you come home you put it on the
base and it's transformed into that
world and you get to plays that
character but with amiibo it doesn't
really sound like that's the case so I
kind of wonder if little kids will go
for this you know a little kid probably
gets excited to buy the toys and bring
them home and play them but if a little
kid goes out and buys a Yoshi amiibo and
they come home they're not gonna be too
excited to like get upgrades or some
sort of
unlocked being in a game they're gonna
want something more fun than that
so I really wonder if based on what
Nintendo is talking about so far if this
is something that's really just gonna be
hardcore Nintendo fans want them but
they don't really catch on with the
younger audience and I think that's a
potential problem in the future
I feel like amiibo needs a specific game
that would use all the figures together
like I know that there are Smash
Brothers and that's another thing so
okay we'll talk about this first
there are figurines for Smash Brothers
and they're very much designed for Super
Smash Brothers they're even using like
that character art pose for their figure
so we've also seen a Mario figure I
don't think was on display there at e3
but we've seen a photo of it where it's
just kind of a generic Mario figure so
we have the Smash Brothers Mario figure
and then we have a generic Mario figure
and I kind of just feel like what's the
point of doubling up on characters like
that it's it makes me a little bit
confused like will the Super Smash
Brothers Mario figure unlock stuff in
Mario Kart or will unlock stuff in Mario
Party 10 or will I need the figure will
I need a baseline figure for Mario Party
10 like well how is that gonna work is
there gonna be a Mario figure for every
game or will there just be special
figures for Smash Brothers and then they
have plans on just releasing very basic
figures for four core characters and
those would work in multiple games so
I'm really confused it's like how is
that going to work the Yoshi figure from
Super Smash Brothers the amiibo for that
is that going to work in Yoshi's woolly
world I don't know or will you know what
I mean like it's confusing I'm not gonna
go on about that anymore but I think you
get the point I'm really confused how
they're gonna do that and then of course
the other thing that I'm pondering is
how much will they cost
they look pretty well sculpted and they
look like they're a decent size I'm kind
of hoping that they'll be $9.99 but then
again I don't know cuz like for example
I got into Disney infinity quite a bit
I'm totally passing on Disney infinity
2.0 because I hate Marvel and I'm really
saddened by what he did with that sequel
but I did spend a decent amount of cash
on those figures but the thing is when I
would go out and buy a figure I could
bring it home and then play as that
character in the game so it's kind of
worth a little bit more money than just
going out and buying the Mario amiibo
for Super Smash Brothers which just kind
of acts as a computer player I don't
even really get to play as him I can
already play as Mario so it seems like
they should not be as expensive as like
a Skylander
for Disney infinity figure because
they're kind of ultimately doing a
little bit less and you know I mean
that's the thing the way they're being
used in Smash Brothers which is the
launch game for amiibo is not that
engaging it's kind of cool but it's also
a little bit like what they're just
computer players I mean essentially if
you don't know yet you take a smash
brothers amiibo figure you scan it on
the gamepad and then you can use that
figure to fight against and it's kind of
acting as like computer-controlled
character but if you fight against that
character your amiibo quite a bit they
can level up and become better in battle
so get more difficult to take on but
again that's really just I mean it's
just a computer player it's kind of neat
that you can scan them in have your
friends fight against against them and
stuff and how it stores information on
the figure and things but I don't know I
mean it's not it's not that exciting I'm
excited to collect the figures just
because I'd like to display them but as
for what they're doing in the game it's
just not enough although I do have to
say I have kind of tried to use my
imagination a little bit here and I was
talking with Nick and a few other people
that I play Smash Brothers with here um
and we were kind of open to the idea of
having some fun with amiibo to where
it's like we would be playing a four
player match and when you're eliminated
from the match you get to take your
amiibo put it on the gamepad scan it in
and then your amiibo can kind of get
revenge for you so giving every player
the chance to use an amiibo to get more
points that could be kind of cool and I
also think maybe it's kind of cool to
pit an amiibo against an amiibo and like
I don't know maybe you could bet money
against whose amiibo would win maybe
maybe and there's some great gambling
opportunities here with amiibo and Super
Smash Brothers and then the other thing
that I'm actually really curious about
is how many amiibo can be in a Super
Smash Brothers match at once so like I'd
imagine maybe four maybe you could watch
for amiibo take each other on at the
same time but what if it was like myself
and three other friends were playing
together so there's four people playing
and we all scanned in an amiibo because
could that technically mean that we have
eight characters fighting on screen at
once four of them are amiibos and for
them are human players
I don't know I mean these are questions
that I don't think they really answered
I'm hoping that the whole ideas with
amiibo in Super Smash Brothers are not
really finalized yet and there is a lot
more to come but ultimately I'm excited
but I really couldn't tell you why I'm
excited I just like the idea of
collecting these figures and I'm kind of
putting my trust in Nintendo and Sakurai
to make sure they are worth picking up
but yeah I'm sure if you use your
imagination you could have some fun with
the whole battling amiibos and you know
you send the amiibo in after your friend
or something like that but yeah
left-left sort of excitedly confused so
yeah I mean I think there will be a lot
of people who will agree with me that
amiibo is a cool idea I love that
Nintendo is jumping on the bandwagon
with making figures but I wonder how
much they're going to be I wonder like
is there gonna be multiple figures for
each character but yeah we'll see what
happens I'm excited
hey thanks for watching this video from
the bit block if you want to stay up to
date on tons of exclusive Nintendo
content be sure to subscribe by clicking
here and if you don't want the fun to
end you can check out more Nintendo
coverage by clicking over here
you